1356025885
AddAllToMeeting	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121214172506_add_all_to_meeting.rb	class AddAllToMeeting 
AddBirthdayToUser	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121213154419_add_birthday_to_user.rb	class AddBirthdayToUser 
AddBoxToMeeting	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121212135751_add_box_to_meeting.rb	class AddBoxToMeeting 
AddDetailsToUser	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121126202241_add_details_to_user.rb	class AddDetailsToUser 
AddEndToMeeting	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121203201450_add_end_to_meeting.rb	class AddEndToMeeting 
AddEndtimeToMeeting	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205150344_add_endtime_to_meeting.rb	class AddEndtimeToMeeting 
AddItemToMeeting	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121213154620_add_item_to_meeting.rb	class AddItemToMeeting 
AddMeetingIdToAttendees	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205162429_add_meeting_id_to_attendees.rb	class AddMeetingIdToAttendees 
AddMeetingIdToDiscussions	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205162526_add_meeting_id_to_discussions.rb	class AddMeetingIdToDiscussions 
AddTitleToMeeting	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205150238_add_title_to_meeting.rb	class AddTitleToMeeting 
AddUserIdToAttendees	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205162456_add_user_id_to_attendees.rb	class AddUserIdToAttendees 
AddUserIdToDiscussions	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205162541_add_user_id_to_discussions.rb	class AddUserIdToDiscussions 
AddWeightToAttendee	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121210162951_add_weight_to_attendee.rb	class AddWeightToAttendee 
AgendaReminder	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/mailers/agenda_reminder.rb	class AgendaReminder 
AgendaReminderTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/functional/agenda_reminder_test.rb	class AgendaReminderTest 
AllAllToMeeting	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121214172436_all_all_to_meeting.rb	class AllAllToMeeting 
Application	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Attendee	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/models/attendee.rb	class Attendee 
AttendeeTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/unit/attendee_test.rb	class AttendeeTest 
AttendeesController	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/attendees_controller.rb	class AttendeesController 
AttendeesControllerTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/functional/attendees_controller_test.rb	class AttendeesControllerTest 
AttendeesHelper	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/helpers/attendees_helper.rb	module AttendeesHelper
AttendeesHelperTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/unit/helpers/attendees_helper_test.rb	class AttendeesHelperTest 
BrowsingTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateAttendees	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121115190743_create_attendees.rb	class CreateAttendees 
CreateDiscussions	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121115190800_create_discussions.rb	class CreateDiscussions 
CreateMeetings	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121115190718_create_meetings.rb	class CreateMeetings 
CreateUsers	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121115190644_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
Discussion	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/models/discussion.rb	class Discussion 
DiscussionTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/unit/discussion_test.rb	class DiscussionTest 
DiscussionsController	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	class DiscussionsController 
DiscussionsControllerTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/functional/discussions_controller_test.rb	class DiscussionsControllerTest 
DiscussionsHelper	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/helpers/discussions_helper.rb	module DiscussionsHelper
DiscussionsHelperTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/unit/helpers/discussions_helper_test.rb	class DiscussionsHelperTest 
HomeController	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
Meeting	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/models/meeting.rb	class Meeting 
MeetingAgenda	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/config/application.rb	module MeetingAgenda
MeetingTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/unit/meeting_test.rb	class MeetingTest 
MeetingsController	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/meetings_controller.rb	class MeetingsController 
MeetingsControllerTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/functional/meetings_controller_test.rb	class MeetingsControllerTest 
MeetingsHelper	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/helpers/meetings_helper.rb	module MeetingsHelper
MeetingsHelperTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/unit/helpers/meetings_helper_test.rb	class MeetingsHelperTest 
MyNewMigration	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205182637_my_new_migration.rb	class MyNewMigration 
TestCase	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121203201450_add_end_to_meeting.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205150344_add_endtime_to_meeting.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121115190743_create_attendees.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205162541_add_user_id_to_discussions.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121115190644_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121126202241_add_details_to_user.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121115190800_create_discussions.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205162456_add_user_id_to_attendees.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205162526_add_meeting_id_to_discussions.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205150238_add_title_to_meeting.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205162429_add_meeting_id_to_attendees.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121115190718_create_meetings.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121210162951_add_weight_to_attendee.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121212135751_add_box_to_meeting.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121213154419_add_birthday_to_user.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121213154620_add_item_to_meeting.rb	  def change
change	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121214172506_add_all_to_meeting.rb	  def change
create	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/attendees_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/meetings_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/attendees_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/meetings_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205182637_my_new_migration.rb	  def down
down	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121214172436_all_all_to_meeting.rb	  def down
edit	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/attendees_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/meetings_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/attendees_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/meetings_controller.rb	  def index
is_user	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def is_user
name	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/models/user.rb	  def name
new	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/attendees_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/meetings_controller.rb	  def new
notauth	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def notauth
reminder_email	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/mailers/agenda_reminder.rb	  def reminder_email(user, meeting)
show	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/attendees_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/meetings_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
up	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121205182637_my_new_migration.rb	  def up
up	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/db/migrate/20121214172436_all_all_to_meeting.rb	  def up
update	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/attendees_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/rebecca/rails_projects/meeting_agenda/app/controllers/meetings_controller.rb	  def update
